Added Studio docs (#2455)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/run-experiments.md

# Run Experiments

You can also run your ML experiments directly from DVC Studio. Your regular

> CI/CD set-up is used to run the experiments. For instance, Github Actions can be
> used to run ML experiments on each new commit.

Reviewer: Link to CML up here, prob.
```suggestion
CI/CD set-up is used to run the experiments. For instance,
[CML](https://dvc.org/doc/cml) Github Actions can be used
to run ML experiments on each new commit.
```

To run experiments from DVC Studio, select the commit that you want to use and
click the `Run` button. A form will let you to specify all the changes that you
want to make to your experiment input files/dirs and parameters.

<img src="/img/studio/cml.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

> The default values in this form are extracted from your selected commit. For

Reviewer: For another iteration:

- [ ] Be a bit more detailed in explaining each section? Similar to [/doc/studio/get-started#components-of-a-view](https://dvc-org-studio-docs-vntpxfoqdz.herokuapp.com/doc/studio/get-started#components-of-a-view)

Author: Added to new ticket https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2468

instance, in the given example, you can increase `max_features` to 4000 or
decrease `ngrams` to 1. Enter your commit message and description, select the
branch to commit to (either the base branch or a new branch), and click on
`Commit changes`.

Now, the CI/CD pipeline that you have set up (eg, Github Actions) will be

> invokved to run the experiment. If your refresh the view (reload the page), the

Reviewer: - [ ] The CI/CD part may need more explaining/linking.

Author: Added to new ticket https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2468

Reviewer: Thanks for moving all these to checkboxes @tapadipti

# Run Experiments

You can also run your ML experiments directly from DVC Studio. Your regular
CI/CD set-up is used to run the experiments. For instance, Github Actions can be
used to run ML experiments on each new commit.

> DVC Studio provides you a simple user interface to specify all the changes that
> you want to make to your input datasets and hyperparameters. Once you have made
> all the necessary changes, you can commit the changes to your Git repository
> directly from DVC Studio and invoke your CI/CD pipeline.
> 
> To run experiments from DVC Studio, select the commit that you want to use and
> click on the `Run` button. A form will be generated for you to fill in all the
> input files and parameters needed for your experiment.

Reviewer: Too much text up here prob. P merge below 🙂 

```suggestion
To run experiments from DVC Studio, select the commit that you want to use and
click the `Run` button. A form will let you to specify all the changes that
you want to make to your experiment input files/dirs and parameters. You can
then commit the changes to your Git repository directly and invoke your CI/CD
pipeline.
```

<img src="/img/studio/cml.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

> The default values in this form are extracted from your selected commit. Change
> the input files or parameters according to what experiment you want to run. For

Reviewer: This has already been explained:

```suggestion
The default values in this form are extracted from your selected commit. For
```

instance, in the given example, you can increase `max_features` to 4000 or

> decrease `ngrams` to 1.
> 
> After making all the necessary input changes, enter your commit message and

Reviewer: p merge
```suggestion
decrease `ngrams` to 1. Enter your commit message and
```
